Graph additions to V1 (#17365)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/bookingappointment-cancel.md

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  BookingsAppointment.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.Manage.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.   |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /solutions/bookingBusinesses/{id}/appointments/{id}/cancel

```

## Request headers

| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameter.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|cancellationMessage|String|A message to acknowledge with the customer that the **appointment** has been cancelled.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

> If you attempt to cancel an appointment that does not exist, this method returns `HTTP 404 Not found`.

Reviewer: Please revert these changes:
We always include reference link in the first mention of a resource and bold subsequent mentions. 
Microsoft Writing Style encourages the use of contractions to generate an informal tone. 
We usually write only the response code without the HTTP. Adding it here would generate inconsistency with the rest of the documentation. 
```suggestion
If you attempt to cancel an **appointment** that doesn't exist, this method returns a `404 Not found`.
```
